Add information on how to access the service context map (#22593)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/investigating.md

- **Costs information** showing the cloud spend for a service, broken down by resource types.
- **Pre-production information** regarding your software delivery process, such as the average build duration and success rate of CI pipelines related to your service, along with static analysis results from CI.

## Investigating infrastructure
From the **Performance** tab, find the *Infrastructure* column of the service you are investigating. Click on the related infrastructure to **View in Service Context Map**.

{{< img src="tracing/service_catalog/access_service_context_map.png" alt="Access the Service Context Map from the Service Catalog Performance tab, highlighting the Infrastructure column" style="width:90%;" >}}

> The Service Context Map provides a clear overview of relationships and problems in both services and infrastructure. You can use it to analyze the source of an issue by looking at upstream and downstream services and infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Context Map provides an overview of the relationships and dependencies between services and related infrastructure. Use this view to analyze the source of an issue by looking at upstream and downstream services and infrastructure.
```
